.TH "lo_arg" 3 "5 Dec 2007" "Version 0.24" "liblo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lo_arg \- Union used to read values from incoming messages.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int32_t \fBi\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int32_t \fBi32\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int64_t \fBh\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int64_t \fBi64\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBf\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBf32\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBd\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBf64\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBS\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint8_t \fBm\fP [4]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlo_timetag\fP \fBt\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Union used to read values from incoming messages. 

Types can generally be read using argv[n]->t where n is the argument number and t is the type character, with the exception of strings and symbols which must be read with &argv[n]->t. 
.PP
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int32_t \fBlo_arg::i\fP"
.PP
32 bit signed integer. 
.SS "int32_t \fBlo_arg::i32\fP"
.PP
32 bit signed integer. 
.SS "int64_t \fBlo_arg::h\fP"
.PP
64 bit signed integer. 
.SS "int64_t \fBlo_arg::i64\fP"
.PP
64 bit signed integer. 
.SS "float \fBlo_arg::f\fP"
.PP
32 bit IEEE-754 float. 
.SS "float \fBlo_arg::f32\fP"
.PP
32 bit IEEE-754 float. 
.SS "double \fBlo_arg::d\fP"
.PP
64 bit IEEE-754 double. 
.SS "double \fBlo_arg::f64\fP"
.PP
64 bit IEEE-754 double. 
.SS "char \fBlo_arg::s\fP"
.PP
Standard C, NULL terminated string. 
.SS "char \fBlo_arg::S\fP"
.PP
Standard C, NULL terminated, string. Used in systems which distinguish strings and symbols. 
.SS "unsigned char \fBlo_arg::c\fP"
.PP
Standard C, 8 bit, char. 
.SS "uint8_t \fBlo_arg::m\fP[4]"
.PP
A 4 byte MIDI packet. 
.SS "\fBlo_timetag\fP \fBlo_arg::t\fP"
.PP
OSC TimeTag value. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for liblo from the source code.
